There's also an extension right there,
nx console.
And that also has the choices for
schematics that we can create.
And I just found nest in there as well.
That sounds nice.
>> The comment was that
there's actually A plugin for
VS code.It's also a standalone
application for Nx console.
And what this allows you to do is to
essentially from a visual kind of a UI
standpoint.
Go through and kind of select your
options, and it generates it for
you under the hood.
So I do have this installed,
you'll have to take my word for it but
I recommend checking it out.
I've been doing everything from
the command line because I can start to
automate a lot of that.
But this is a really
good way to essentially
have a visual interface on top of it.
And, fortunately will take me
way too long to figure out.
What, surprised they didn't
use screenshots, but
you're just gonna have to trust us.
It's pretty cool, it's just click, click,
click boom, and it does it for you.
So this will be a micro segment
in the workshop and next console.
It's cool, thumbs up.
In fact, I gave it a four and
a half out of five stars on yelp.
All right any more questions?
How does everybody feel about what
like we've been going over today like,
like this is like I'm pretty
excited because we are right.
At kind of like,
parody with how I really develop.
And so for
me to be able to kind of share like,
this is the stuff that I'm into
that I'm doing every single day.
It's really, really exciting.
And I love training new developers.
I think it's really important and it's
extremely gratifying in a different way.
But the stuff that we're going
over right now in this workshop,
these are the things that I
literally use like every single day.
And some of this stuff like even
within the last couple weeks,
I'm like, I didn't know this existed.
And it's now part of my
toolset with the goal.
Of building better things faster
>> Is an established framework for
microservices architecture.
And if so, what are the microservices,
the apps or
leaves,
>> I do know that it supports
micro services so
we can just pull this up real quick.
So typically I tend to go more towards
like, either graph qL or like serverless.
And so if I'm gonna do this kind of one or
the other, but with that said,
I've actually really been into
console hashey Corp console.
Which is kind of a microservices mesh,
and, that's what you would use it for.
So they have a whole section
here about how to do this, and
You could literally probably
just save this in, run it and
Now you've got my wheels
turning,so the answer is nes js.
So the comment was on just ringing
everybody up, is nes js a good
framework for micro services and
are microservices, are they libs?
Are they apps, what are they?
So the answer is one,
nest is great for microservices.
Apparently they put a lot
of thought into it.
In terms of the actual file structure.
I'm not qualified to say because it's
something I haven't actually done yet.
So if anybody knows, feel free to
jump in and kind of offer that or
offer any clarification,
I would certainly not turn that down.
And, but, I mean, this is really,
really well documented.
Thing that they've done here,
so somebody give it a try.
Let me know, so the question is,
how do you use databases it nest
was typically the configuration.
It's like Mongo mongoose what is it?
For me, I use type ORM.
And so I define my entities, and
then you just define your database
connector, and you just drop it in.
So they, again in the documentation,
it's really well documented.
And I would say,
if this was like a two-day workshop, and
we were really just going to get into it.
The next logical extension because
you'll notice that there's
this progression of we're going from like,
Hardcoding data then we're going into.
JSON server, which is you just
throw away when you're done, but
then we're moving into like nest.
If I were going to put it in a persistent
data store, typically what I do for
local development is I just use SQL Lite.
And so it's really easy to define
your entities and type RM.
Pointed to SQL lite, and
it will just generate it.
Now granted,
I probably won't put this in production.
But it is a way to actually create that
persistent data store that from there you
update your database connector and pointed
to like RDS or something in the cloud.
Or I've even spun up Postgres in like
a Docker image and pointed it to that.
That's another very viable option.
So it's really, really easy type
RM with the database connector.
Boom done, and you're good to go.
>> Someone said Prisma for
graph qL Was the statement.
So the statement was Prisma for
graph qL 2020.
And my response to that is hasura for
And if you haven't checked out
hasura then you're welcome..
KE, if I was gonna do a graphical and
point, I would just do it with Hospira.
What HASA does is you
say here's my database.
Here's my Docker config, spin up a Docker
image with Hospira it pointed to
the database, and
then it autogenerates your graph QL.
Endpoint for you done.
And I'm just gonna let that sink in.
In a single Docker file, you spin up
hasura pointed to the database and
your graph qL database or
your graphical endpoint is done.
So, the question is what
platform do I use for serverless?
If it's up to me, AWS Lambda, but
it really depends on
what the client is using.
So, you really have three
major platforms in my opinion.
And that's AWS, Azure and
GCP and kind of that order.
And so by my opinion, like AWS, which is
like kind of the dominant market leader
that I think has like 70% of
the share you have Azure.
Which is also very good.
They're doing a lot of really good stuff.
In the open source community.
And then you have kind of like GCP down at
the bottom which, I like GCP, I use it.
I specially love fire base, and
all three of those have of a,
like a server less function environment.
If I'm gonna do it, it's gonna be AWS
lambda with probably I'm gonna try
spinning it up with like Terraform.
And that will be bad, and so that's even
we have a comment about microservices.
Typically, if I'm going to do kind
of a standalone API endpoint,
that I'm gonna do it in server list and
that's gonna be bad.
So I'm gonna let Amazon or
any cloud provider handle that
orchestration if I can get away with it.